Revise EWS access control examples in documentation (#422)
MicrosoftDocs/office-developer-exchange-docs: docs/exchange-web-services/how-to-control-access-to-ews-in-exchange.md

- [Get-OrganizationConfig](/powershell/module/exchange/get-organizationconfig) - Shows you the parameters for the entire organization.    
- [Set-OrganizationConfig](/powershell/module/exchange/set-organizationconfig) - Sets the parameters for the entire organization. 

> **Note** The way the EWSEnabled parameter operates will change in October 2026 due to the EWS Deprecation. Please see: https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/blog/exchange/exchange-online-ews-your-time-is-almost-up/4492361

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> The way the EWSEnabled parameter operates will change in October 2026 due to the EWS Deprecation. For more information, see [Exchange Online EWS, Your Time is Almost Up](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/blog/exchange/exchange-online-ews-your-time-is-almost-up/4492361).
```
